Sage Levy
Visual Storyteller
Experience
    Videographer, The Diamondback, College Park, M.D.
        Aug. 2021-Present
        Pitched, shot, and edited original video content.
    Video Storytelling Intern, Street Sense Media, Washington, D.C.
        May 2021-Sept 2021
        Pitched, shot, and edited original video content.
        Shot and edited promotional video content for newly launched podcast.
        Shot photo and video for large Street Sense events.
        Built trusting relationships with Street Sense Vendors.
    Teaching Assistant, Bethany Swain (UMD), College Park, M.D. Aug. 2020-Dec. 2020
        Assistant taught news videography under Senior Lectureer Bethany Swain.
        Shot and edited original video content for Ms. Swain.
        Created branding materials for “The Swain Domain” inclduing a new logo.
        Mentored students.
    Library Services Desk Staff, McKeldin Library, College Park, MD Aug. 2019-Aug. 2020
        Assisted library patrons with research, retreving  materials, and navigation.
        Managed  flow of materials going in and out of the library.
        Problem solved patron issues and requests.
    Legal Assistant, The Law Office of Edward S. Levy, Fairfield, NJ May 2019-Aug. 2019
        Prepared and filed documents with the court including lawsuits.
        Managed attroney collections work by conducting legal proccedures.
        Composed inspection reports and official letters to attorneys.
        Answered and initiated phone calls to clients, attorneys, and courts.
        Composed emails and managed digital office accounts.
        Filed documents.
Skills, Interests and Leadership
    Skilled with video, photo and sound equipment including DSLR cameras, microphones and more.
    Fluent in Photoship, Illustrator, Indesign, Premiere Pro, After Effects.
    Proficient in AP Style
    Experienced with several website building platforms (Weebly, Google Sites and WordPress)
    Fluent in Social Media Platforms
    Vice President of the Terrapin Trail Club January 2020- Present
Education
    University of Maryland, College Park
    Philip Merrill College of Journalism
    Major: Journalism with a concentration in Graphic Design
    GPA: 3.52
Contact
    (973)525-2892
    slevy126@umd.edu
    College Park, MD
sagevideopic.jpg
